In this section we will learn about various ways we can display data in HMO.
First we will look at lists HMO supports three types of lists unordered lists ordered lists and description
lists unordered lists or bullet pointed lists ordered lists are displayed with numbers or letters description
lists match a concept to its definition carrying one list element with another.
Then we will look at tables and HMO tables are an important way to display information on web pages
in an organized and readable manner.
We will learn how to problematically had rows and columns to our tables and organize the information
under table headers.
We will also look at how to stylize table Partch like the header footer and body after tables we will
look at layouts and HMO layouts are a mechanism HMO provides for displaying multiple columns of content
on web pages.
We will look at layout elements such as the article section and the side elements that define different
types of content within or lay out the div inspan elements are useful for grouping miscellaneous content
on our web pages that there are no predefined elements for.
We will learn about the usefulness of each of these elements and how they can help us and Starland custom
groups of content.
Finally we will learn about forms and each DML forms are important as they allow us to obtain user input
on web pages.
We will learn how to add elements such as slider's dropdown menus color pictures and input fields to
our Web page.
By the end of this section you will have a solid understanding of how to display data in each team using
lists tables layouts divs and forms and the next lecture.
We will learn about lists and HMO.